README.md, before:

[![Netlify Status](https://api.netlify.com/api/v1/badges/603b916b-9cfd-4241-a9ad-c15610d1b324/deploy-status)](https://app.netlify.com/sites/js-games-ccdd/deploys)

# Learn JavaScript by Building 7 Games

[Watch](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lhNdUVh3qCc)

## The Games

1. [Memory Game](https://github.com/teamallnighter/Learn-JavaScript-by-Building-7-Games/tree/main/games/memory-game)
2. [Whack-a-mole](https://github.com/teamallnighter/Learn-JavaScript-by-Building-7-Games/tree/main/games/whack-a-mole)
3. [Connect Four](https://github.com/teamallnighter/Learn-JavaScript-by-Building-7-Games/tree/main/games/connect-four)
4. [Nokia 3310 Snake](https://github.com/teamallnighter/Learn-JavaScript-by-Building-7-Games/tree/main/games/snake)
5. [Space Invaders](https://github.com/teamallnighter/Learn-JavaScript-by-Building-7-Games/tree/main/games/space-invaders)
6. [Frogger](https://github.com/teamallnighter/Learn-JavaScript-by-Building-7-Games/tree/main/games/frogger)
7. [Tetris](https://github.com/teamallnighter/Learn-JavaScript-by-Building-7-Games/tree/main/games/tetris)

Commit message:

V 0.0.5
adding node 
adding more games
adding to readme

README.md, after:

[![Netlify Status](https://api.netlify.com/api/v1/badges/603b916b-9cfd-4241-a9ad-c15610d1b324/deploy-status)](https://app.netlify.com/sites/js-games-ccdd/deploys)

# Learn JavaScript by Building 7 Games

A lot of the gamnes came from[This Tutorial](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lhNdUVh3qCc)

## The Games

1. [Memory Game](https://github.com/teamallnighter/Learn-JavaScript-by-Building-7-Games/tree/main/games/memory-game)
2. [Whack-a-mole](https://github.com/teamallnighter/Learn-JavaScript-by-Building-7-Games/tree/main/games/whack-a-mole)
3. [Connect Four](https://github.com/teamallnighter/Learn-JavaScript-by-Building-7-Games/tree/main/games/connect-four)
4. [Nokia 3310 Snake](https://github.com/teamallnighter/Learn-JavaScript-by-Building-7-Games/tree/main/games/snake)
5. [Space Invaders](https://github.com/teamallnighter/Learn-JavaScript-by-Building-7-Games/tree/main/games/space-invaders)
6. [Frogger](https://github.com/teamallnighter/Learn-JavaScript-by-Building-7-Games/tree/main/games/frogger)
7. [Tetris](https://github.com/teamallnighter/Learn-JavaScript-by-Building-7-Games/tree/main/games/tetris)


### Other Games I've Made

1. [Mine Sweeper](https://mine-sweeper-for-dad.netlify.app/) 
2. [Typing Game](https://portfolio.chrisconnelly.dev/games/typing-game)
3. [Hang Man](https://portfolio.chrisconnelly.dev/games/hang-man)
